# SmashUltimateInfoGenerator
Generates info.toml file based on the folder name

This is a simple tool written in python that generates an info.toml file for Smash Ultimate mods.

## Install requirements
```sh
pip install tomli_w
pip install Pillow
pip install requests beautifulsoup4
```

## How to use
1. Install python and add to path
2. Open cmd
3. pip install -r .\requirements.txt
4. Run main.py file
5. Load the directory of the mod file with files like fighter, sound, effect, ui, etc.
6. Enter the gamebanana url if you want authors and accurate mod name, otherwise authors have to be entered in manually and the folder name will be trimmed to get the mod name.
7. Add an image by clicking 'Browse' under 'Image'.
8. Make changes if necessary and click apply.

## Done
* Search fighter/{name}/model/body for skin slots in use
* Search for effects, skin, voice, sfx, ui, motion, message in directory to show what is included within the info.toml description
* Renaming image files to preview.webp
* Automatically search what characters are included in the mod file
* Automatically fill in display name(e.g. Sonic C01 Shadow)
* Rename folder name (e.g. Fighter_Sonic[C01]_Shadow)
* Get authors and mod name from gamebanana url
* Change default format for display_name and folder name

## To Do 
* Detect victory theme
* Detect camera
* Differentiate message(xmsbt)
* Get version and download image name from url(maybe)

## Disclaimer
* The contents generated by this tool may not be accurate. You can also manually edit all of the fields if necessary.
* character_names.csv contains all the names of the characters. I don't recommend changing the key column due to the fact that the script uses that value to see which characters are present. You are free to change the custom and group columns(The values that actually show up in the display_name).